Hello Ma'am, 

My name is Trupti Vaity, I am an incoming student for MS(Computer Science) program at Old Dominion University in Spring 2020.
During my Masters program I am looking to opt for a thesis option, thus I want to work as a Research assistant during this time.
I am highly interested in subjects like Machine Learning, Computer Vision and Embedded Systems(Bioinformatics) and wish to gain indepth knowledge in these.
I went through your work and found "Reality aware networks" and "Look-up" a good initiative and would like to work on such projects.
During my Undergraduate final year, I worked on a project named "FPGA BASED SPACE VECTOR PULSE WIDTH MODULATION TECHNIQUE IMPLEMENTATION FOR THREE PHASE INVERTER" under the guidance of Prof. Shilpa Patil and Mr. Salil Nerurkar,General Manager (Marketing) Lt Products Of Hindustan Electric Motors. I also have published this paper in International Journal of Electronics and Communication Engineering and Technology
(IJECET). While working on this project I designed and implemented Space Vector PWM algorithm on Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). This output pulses from FPGA were provided to a driver circuit to drive the inverter which are used to control the speed of an AC motor. This technology is highly used in indudtries compared to other PWM techniques.


Working as an assistant with you will give me an hands on experience in the fields I am interested in. As I have worked with above mentioned officials in past and Space Vector algorithm is a new technology I studied the algorithm thoroghly in order to implement this in VHDL. VHDL being a Hardware Descriptive Language and was not really a part of our curriculum. I learned this using various material available during this implementation








Project Guide 
Mr. Salil Nerurkar, General Manager (Marketing) Lt Products Of Hindustan
Electric Motors, For Giving Us And Our Project An Industrial Exposure, Along With His
Professional And Friendly Mentoring.


Unlike more traditional embedded systems, a full-fledged CPS is typically designed as a network of interacting elements with physical input and output instead of as standalone devices.[7] The notion is closely tied to concepts of robotics and sensor networks with intelligence mechanisms proper of computational intelligence leading the pathway. Ongoing advances in science and engineering improve the link between computational and physical elements by means of intelligent mechanisms, increasing the adaptability, autonomy, efficiency, functionality, reliability, safety, and usability of cyber-physical systems.[8] This will broaden the potential of cyber-physical systems in several directions, including: intervention (e.g., collision avoidance); precision (e.g., robotic surgery and nano-level manufacturing); operation in dangerous or inaccessible environments (e.g., search and rescue, firefighting, and deep-sea exploration); coordination (e.g., air traffic control, war fighting); efficiency (e.g., zero-net energy buildings); and augmentation of human capabilities (e.g. in healthcare monitoring and delivery).[9]



 is 
on FPGA. The  technology provides programmable
FPGA Based Space Vector Pulse Width Modulation Technique Implementation for Three Phase
Inverter
http://www.iaeme.com/IJECET/index.asp 37 editor@iaeme.com
system-on-chip (PSoC) environments for designing modern digital ASIC controllers for
specific applications. Space Vector algorithm is implemented in VHDL language as it is
a Hardware Description Language it executes in parallel manner. The FPGA output is then
given to the driver circuit to drive the inverter. This p



































